# To run this project:

This project uses React for front-end and Flask for backend.

Requires python 3, npm, and yarn to be installed.

In one terminal window, run the backend Flask server by doing this:

* cd api
* python3 -m venv venv
* source venv/bin/activate
* pip install -r requirements.txt
* flask run

In a second terminal window, run the front-end React by doing this:

* yarn install
* yarn build
* yarn start

This will open your browser to the react app.

I went for a "google calendar" style UI, with days of the week as columns. An event is shown in all cells that its time overlaps with. Clicking an empty cell brings up a panel with a form to create a new event starting at that day/time. Clicking an existing event brings up a panel to edit it.


The interesting code is in api/routes.py and api/models.py(server-side Flask code) and in schedule_maker_react_app/src/App.js (client-side React code). Most of the rest is just flask boilerplate and autogenerated react boilerplate.


Todo list - If I had more time, I'd make these improvements:

* Trigger a refresh after user edits or creates a new event
* Don't let user create an event with a blank name field
* Add UI to delete an event.
* Add a "cancel" button to the event editing pane
* Use a better Javascript date library than the built-in Date object
* Support multiple formats of date/time entry in the start_time and end_time fields.
* Use the tables for multiple users and multiple calendars - currently unused.
* Have the server use the submitted check-box fields that the user has checked for which days of the week to repeat on. Save those to the Repetitions table.
* Join the repetitions table to the Events table, send the repetitions to the front-end
* Have the server disallow creating or editing an event such that the event or any of its repetitions overlap with any existing event or any of its repetitions.
* Write unit tests
* Test that things work correctly when the current week crosses a month boundary
* Add UI to move the view to the previous week or to next week, which could be implemented simply by making the 'start_of_this_week' variable into React state on the App class.
* Take out all my console.log, print statements, etc.
* Fix various warnings/linter issues generated by the react compiler.
* Test thoroughly and fix bugs.
* Enforce time zones to be specified in all time measurements everywhere